chore: use plugin rather than plug-in (#2517)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/the-woopra-telemetry-plugin.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
:description: The Woopra telemetry plugin
:keywords: extensions, telemetry
:navtitle: The Woopra telemetry plugin

> :page-aliases: extensions:the-woopra-telemetry-plugin.adoc

Reviewer: Are you sure you want to change this line?

Author: Mistake, indeed

> :page-aliases: extensions:the-woopra-telemetry-plugin.adoc

Author: ```suggestion
:page-aliases: extensions:the-woopra-telemetry-plug-in.adoc
```
